Voting System "Voting Without Impact" "Vote Good Or Bad" "Thread"
Show Posters IP "Country Flag"
Minimum length for a posts/threads
Originality check for posts/threads
Invite Only Threads
System that would protect website from Banned IPs
System that would identify spammers
Word Filters
don't include captcha
base it off of blockchain technology
No Ads
WEBEM
Embeded Youtube videos


Real time post updating


Post
Reply
Deletion of posts/threads
image upload




I don't think you want just an upvote system. I think you want something more complex which integrates both votes and sharing across your platform with friends. Of course that is no longer an image board in the classical sense but it's better, more powerful, more interactive with users.


add a paint image, where everyone in the community can add to it. 
Like those community doodle sites. 
theres that one video of a guy going to a bunch of those boards are drawing the "rattle me bones" thing. 

Also, OP, it be cool to have some kind of marker thats not an ID or Name. You know how foruks let you have a banner after your post? Something like that. Maybe if you can have a temporary avatar for a thread. Like a gif or a sprite.


Some comments:

> Show Posters IP "Country Flag"

You can run a local instance of a lookup server if you want to keep the database up to date.
https://github.com/fiorix/freegeoip

> Originality check for posts/threads

If you want a global persistent r9k like system, you could use a cuckoo filter if you want to keep the size small. Periodically writing to disk to persist over failure.

> System that would identify spammers

Just use captcha for now. Don't bother reinventing anything just yet.

> base it off of blockchain technology

Different niche. If you were making a decentralized message board of sorts then it would be useful. You are a single entity and manage everything, so you can just use a database. Threads are transient in a message board to so having it backed by some blockchain would mean storing all history forever which may be antithetical to your ideas.

> Real time post updating

You could use websockets here to allow the server to push to clients to avoid client-side polling. That would be very easy in fact (for a smaller number of concurrent users). No point using ajax here.

https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/API/WebSockets_API

>>63954841 (You)
Needs more contrast for the font vs. background. Readability is more important than aesthetic. I'd remove the board images.

As many others have said, fix your queries. Even if you are just starting out and intend to fix it later, try not to in this case.
Good luck, have fun writing stuff.
